Document pubsub without cloudevent. (#1499)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/reference/api/pubsub_api.md

Parameter | Description
--------- | -----------
metadata.ttlInSeconds | the number of seconds for the message to expire as [described here]({{< ref pubsub-message-ttl.md >}})

> metadata.rawPayload | publishes the event without wrapping it as CloudEvent as [described here]({{< ref pubsub-raw.md >}})

Reviewer: ```suggestion
metadata.rawPayload | boolean to determine if Dapr should publish the event without wrapping it as CloudEvent as [described here]({{< ref pubsub-raw.md >}})
```

  {
    "pubsubname": "pubsub",
    "topic": "newOrder",
    "route": "/orders",
    "metadata": {

>       "rawPayload": "false",

Reviewer: Is there any scenario where someone would explicitly set rawPayload to false? Wouldn't the primary behavior be to just omit the value?

Asking because I don't want to show an example of something that's not the primary/recommended behavior.

Reviewer 2: @artursouza  - Can you address the question from @AaronCrawfis ?

Author: I've added something, so users can see how metadata can be returned. Yes, `false` is the default. I've changed it to true - but that is not the recommended value since there are many disadvantages of setting it to false and the publisher must also override this.

    }
  }
]
```

> Note, all subscription parameters are case-sensitive.

#### Metadata

Optionally, metadata can be sent via the request body.

Parameter | Description
--------- | -----------

> rawPayload | subscribe to events that do not comply with CloudEvent specification, as [described here]({{< ref pubsub-raw.md >}})

Reviewer: ```suggestion
rawPayload | boolean to subscribe to events that do not comply with CloudEvent specification, as [described here]({{< ref pubsub-raw.md >}})
```
